Add gitbook link to dev docs (#555)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api-provider-aws: docs/development.md

make dep-ensure
```

### Get familiar with basic concepts

> This provider is shaped out after the upstream cluster-api project. To get familiar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This provider is modeled after the upstream cluster-api project. To get familiar
```
